hello summoners and welcome to the
weekly League of Legends news update my
name is Harry norm summer Smith and I
will be your guide on what is new with
in the League of Legends community this
past week just a few disclaimers before
starting to show however this is a
weekly recap of news so by nature some
news will be a lot newer than others by
up to seven days not everything may
actually be news to you depending on how
active you are within the community
sometimes content i go over gets changed
or updated while the video is rendering
or uploading in the event that happens
corresponding annotations will be thrown
up onto the screen for your own
convenience also be sure to check the
video description for any pieces of news
that may have been entirely released
during said rendering and uploading time
and finally any changes I go over on the
public band environment are all
tentative and are subject to change at
any time any changes that go over in the
video may not be accurate in the future
before actually starting the show I'm
going to announce that this episode will
be gregus themed portions of the video
excluding the pro team results will have
snazzy gregus posh arts as the
background next week will be Olivia
themed unless you guys vote otherwise
yordle themed Pantheon themed support
theme throw your theme doublelift themed
GPL themed let me know so with all that
being said let's dive right into it
starting off as always with the pbn live
servers right have announced the end of
season rewards they are pretty much the
same as last year if you are bronze
you'll only get the Summoner icon if you
are sober you get the icon a banner trim
for when people look up your profile in
the client and the border in the loading
screen if you are gold or higher you
will get all of the above as well as
you're ranked icon appearing whenever
you invite people or send them a friend
request and you will also get this
year's victorious skin through the image
given it looks like Morgana but I'm not
honesty brian has thrown us off guard
before so maybe it's another female
character that looks like Morgana time
will tell but it's probably Morgana also
on the same announcement right have
announced master tier I already went
over master tier couple weeks back but
the tier is between diamond one and
challenger using the same LP ladder as
challenger every 24 hours the game will
recalculate the top 200 players put the
top 200 players in challenger
accordingly so for example positions 198
to 200 and Challenger will be swapped
out for positions one two three and
master depending on how many points
everyone has this system was already
tested in Russia CIS and Turkey and
they'll be testing it for another week
in europe west before actually launching
it now moving on to the public beta
environment or PB for short to default
splash shirts were updated so Shyvana
and vain splash arts will now have a bit
more detail and speaking of new splash
charts last week project Yasuo and final
boss of eager were announced this
eek we saw the addition of their
corresponding splash charts they're
looking pretty spiffy if I do say so
myself and I'm looking forward to seeing
the animated version of final boss
figures as legendary skins tend to get
login screens these days and finally on
PBE we have some balance changes with
gnar and server fern are his cue on both
his mini form and mega form are now
wider and moved faster as well they
added a bonus AP ratio to result now
doing damage equal to fifty percent of
his ability power as for sivir it says
that she got a range buff on her
Boomerang Blade but there were some
other small changes done to her files
you know stuff in the background so this
number is probably just to more
accurately go with the visuals rather
than just be a direct buff all together
now moving on to the more generic
community news we have some roster swaps
to go over first in Korea the top laner
for the genera Falcons Rock has retired
over in China world elite has swapped
out their jungler sin for rural and
Europe the unicorns of love have decided
to stick with Julius as their main
jungler as Dan is going off to school
and in North America hi I'm gosu has
joined counter logic gaming as their
substitute ad carry as well for roster
changes but probably the biggest of all
the news is being rumored that ganja may
be retiring from the pro scene and it
was also rumored that Chris lund will be
replacing him as a starting ad carry
there has been no official announcement
as of yet but we all know that it would
really suck to seem go and that if there
was an official league of legends Hall
of Fame he would be in it as for teams
going to Korea for boot camps fragen
announced last week that Alliance will
be heading on over but this week it was
also announced that there are other EU
worlds qualified counterparts fanatic
and SK gaming will be making the trip
over to Korea to boot camp for worlds as
well speaking of Europe the European LCS
will be moving their Studios from
Cologne Germany to Berlin Germany this
means they will no longer be using the
ESL studios meaning that there is
speculation on whether or not Joe Miller
and shocks will be sticking around since
they work with ESL but hopefully they
stick around and ride hire them because
who doesn't love shocks and Joe don't
call me Joe Joe Miller Miller Miller and
speaking of worlds which I mentioned in
the Korean boot camp portion the tickets
for the World Championships have gone on
sale well at least for the group's ages
however for the quarterfinals and so on
they will all be on sale tomorrow so
Wednesday August 27th at 11 p.m. PDT
prices are converted into USD and do not
take into consideration any other
additional taxes that may be added on
and prices will range for each event
based on where your seating is for the
finals ticket prices will range anywhere
between twenty four dollars and fifty
five cents and fifty four dollars and
one sin and speaking of worlds and where
it will be broadcasted we have all been
trolled by the media for the past few
months we've been told multiple times
about Google buying twitch how there are
these rumors how it was confirmed but
not announced only for them to actually
be bought by amazon for 1 billion
dollars in the end so there we go and
finally anyone who follows pretty much
any League of Legends personality on
Twitter it's probably very aware of the
few going on between TS and Reginald and
see oh geez montecristo this episode of
the feud started with Reginald firing
some shots over at montes CLG were
losing their series against curse saying
that he isn't really a coach and the
just of it is from there it's that it's
pretty much just being the Reggie side
and the Mont side saying yes he is no he
isn't yes he is no he isn't and as a
neutral newscaster I'm not giving any
opinions I'm staying out of this I just
delivered the news please no community
but anyways the feud itself between reg
in Mont does go a lot deeper than the
situation alone shows and for those
interested there's a very in-depth
reddit thread by user rue 7 in the video
description now I'm moving on to the pro
team results starting off with North
America we had the beginning of the na
LCS playoffs where in the quarterfinals
TSM 312 team dignitas and curse swept
CLG so in the semi-final matches will be
lmq vs TSM cloud nine vs curse and then
the fifth place match you will be
dignitas vs CLG as for the Challenger
Series playoffs we had teammate move all
the way from the quarterfinals the first
place taking down xtg coast and kers
academy on their way there the third
place match it was team coast going 31 /
team LA pro what this means is that
playing on the relegation matches it
will be teammate curse Academy and team
Coast facing off against evil geniuses
complexity and whoever loses between
team dignitas and counter logic gaming
now webbing on over to China we have the
rest of the LPL summer playoffs where we
got LGD in fourth place star horn Royal
Club in third OMG in second and Edward
gaming in first now since Edward gaming
has won both the spring and summer
splits of LPL they have earned
themselves a ticket to worlds as China's
number one seed with the other two seeds
that we determined September six and 7th
now moving on down to the southeast
asian region we have the southeast asian
qualifiers to determine who gets last
southeast asian slot into Worlds along
with the Taipei assassins for the
results the saigon fantastic five took
the saigon jokers in four games the
Taipei snipers and five games only get
swept by AHQ eSports Club three games to
none sending HQ the worlds and finally
we had the second half of the final week
of Ln I'll wrap up where the standings
were pretty much decided by Hong Kong
attitude losing a game as they were the
only team that could have made it into
the top
or hover it was not meant to be select
top four teams are Taipei snipers yo
flash wolves Cyber Games arena legends
and Hong Kong attitude priest what this
means is that they will play in the 2015
GPL winter qualifiers well they will
have the chance to qualify for GPL next
season so with all this being said it's
time for two new things sick background
animations and a list of all the teams
who have qualified thus far in North
America it will be the top three of team
solomid lmq curse and cloud nine in
Europe it will be fanatic Alliance and
SK gaming in Korea it would be samsung
blue and the winner of the tiebreaker
between SKT t1 k and samsung white and
the winner of the korean qualifiers in
china it's Edward gaming and the two
other teams from the Chinese qualifiers
from Southeast Asia are the Taipei
assassins in HQ eSports Club and finally
in the wild card slots are dark passage
from Turkey and whoever wins between PE
X gaming and kaboom eSports Club before
wrapping up the show let's take a look
at the free champ rotation this week
where this week if you don't have brom
Corky Fiddlesticks Bank plankton are
hecka rimless Angela malzahar Namir vain
you can now try before you buy and on
sale between now and Friday August
twenty-ninth are bloodstone outrageous
warmonger Scion blast zone donger
Nautilus ribbon and sona and that will
do it for this week of the weekly League
of Legends news update my name is still
here enormous Ron Smith and I thank you
very much for watching this video if
you'd like to know when Marley gov
legends news updates are released you
are more than welcome to subscribe to
the channel weekly law news follow me on
Twitter at nordstrom LOL or like the
facebook page if you wish should support
me even further you can subscribe to my
main channel twisted pizza dude thank
you again so much for watching let me
know what you guys think and vote on
next week's theme in the reddit thread
or comment section join the discussions
in the weekly la news chat group and
I'll be seeing you guys next week with
some more League of Legends news